Angels know we showed up no one nope you know I wish we could keep going we have a bunch to do
this afternoon us too but I'll keep my eyes open and I'll try to start a conversation forever oh
yeah she keep my eyes open be observant be patient
wait for the right opportunity be adaptable get ready yeah so you'll get the paint
my fault oh yeah I'm out here meeting men what is wrong with you oh miss your phone
oh see your left bad so sorry that's okay it's okay it's just making friends aren't you
senior oh are you okay men you wouldn't know it but I handle fluff better well men and dogs are
different despite what you hear I'm Ellie Elba my husband and I moved here a couple years ago
yep same we moved for Robert's job what do we do we didn't know the Bible was so practical
we love what we're learning and I feel like we finally have something we're doing together
but we have a question shoot so we're with my folks and they start talking about how bad the world
is getting and we just kind of I don't know Rose exactly yeah we've been there and then today we
watched this video about evangelizer school is that what did it for you no we haven't been oh
we thought you went because you two are like walking Bible dictionaries
no really we all learned to witness the same way study the meetings and a little prep
will help you that would be great thanks we need all the help we can get
walking Bible dictionaries please don't sketch that I'll try you know it's not as crazy as it sounds
SKI I know we're not pioneering yet but eventually why not
think how far we've come we thought we'd never speak up about the truth but we did
and it took a while to shift our priorities but the ministry is part of our life now
and did we ever imagine starting Bible studies every time we thought we couldn't
Jehovah showed us that we could why not sit the bull and see where he takes us
hey Blake uh-huh wow might be a trip down a san territory we interested
yeah we are Friday night to make flats oh we'll definitely pray about it
oh okay see ya this is it hold on